Conclusion (#7)
temporalio/edu-interacting-with-workflows-typescript: conclusion/parting-words.md

# Parting Words

Congratulations on completing the _Interacting with Workflows with TypeScript_ course! During this course, you have expanded your knowledge of how to interact with Workflows in different ways such as sending Signals and Queries, using and creating your own search attributes, canceling your Workflows, and using Asynchronous Activity Completion.

Let's take a moment to recap what you've done.

You began by learning how to define and handle your Signals and Queries.

You learned how to send your Signal from a Client, from a Workflow, and from the command line. You also learned how to send a Query from the Client and command line.

> You have created your own custom search attributes and define their logic in your Workflow logic. You have seen how to use your search attributes with a List Filter to query from your list of Workflows on the Web UI and the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have created your own custom Search Attributes and define their logic in your Workflow logic. You have seen how to use your search attributes with a List Filter to query from your list of Workflows on the Web UI and the command line.
```

> You have created your own custom Search Attributes and define their logic in your Workflow logic. You have seen how to use your Search Attributes with a List Filter to query from your list of Workflows on the Web UI and the command line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have created your own custom Search Attributes and set their value from your Workflow logic. You have seen how to use your Search Attributes with a List Filter to query from your list of Workflows on the Web UI and the command line.
```

> You've learned how to cancel your Workflow Executions from the command line, Web UI, and SDK. You've learned the difference between canceling Workflow Executions and terminating them. You've learned how to use cancellation scopes to personalize the aspects of your Workflow to cancel and how you'd like to cancel them. You've learned some common patterns engineers use with cancellation scopes. You've seen how to detect external cancellations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You've learned how to cancel your Workflow Executions from the command line, Web UI, and SDK. You've learned the difference between canceling Workflow Executions and terminating them. You've learned how to use cancellation scopes to control which part of a Workflow can be cancelled, and how cancellation is to be handled. You've learned some common patterns engineers use with cancellation scopes. You've seen how to detect external cancellations.
```
